c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\bin\Debug\MICSMajor.exe.config
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\bin\Debug\MICSdb.accdb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\bin\Debug\MICSMajor.exe
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\bin\Debug\MICSMajor.pdb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\bin\Debug\MICSMajor.xml
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor_Content.g.vb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor.g.resources
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor.Resources.resources
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor.exe
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor.xml
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor.pdb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\Addstudents.g.vb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\Addstudents.baml
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\ViewStudents.g.vb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\ViewStudents.baml
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\bin\Debug\MICSMajor.exe.config
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor.exe
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor.xml
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor.pdb
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\bin\Debug\MICSdb.accdb
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\bin\Debug\MICSMajor.exe
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\bin\Debug\MICSMajor.pdb
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\bin\Debug\MICSMajor.xml
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\Addstudents.g.vb
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\ViewStudents.g.vb
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor_Content.g.vb
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\Addstudents.baml
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\ViewStudents.baml
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor.g.resources
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor.Resources.resources
E:\MICSMajor\MICSMajor\obj\Debug\MICSMajor.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
